☑️ Improve the validation for the `cn:articles` directive (#729)
curvenote/curvenote: .changeset/afraid-plums-repeat.md

---
"@curvenote/cli-plugin": patch
---

> Make the articl edirective a bit nicer on validation

Author: ```suggestion
Make the `cn:article` directive a bit less vocal on validation
```
